Add redirect detection with max redirects. (#133)
xsleaks/wiki: content/docs/attacks/navigations.md

## Server-Side Redirects

### Fetch API
It’s possible to abuse `redirect: 'manual'` with `mode: 'cors'` to detect redirects. [^demo-fetch]
```javascript
function ifRedirect(URL) {
    return fetch(URL, {
        credentials: 'include',
        mode: 'cors',
        redirect: 'manual',
    }).then(res => {
        if(res.type === 'opaqueredirect'){
            return true;
        } else {
            return;
        }
    }).catch(() => {
        return false;
    });
}
```

### Max redirects

> There’s currently a max of 20 redirects a navigation is allowed to do. [^spec-redirects]
> If a website redirects 19 times then redirects to the target it will only load if the target has no redirects. [^redirect-leak]
> This attack has the benefit of working with SameSite lax cookies. [^demo-max]

Reviewer: Language improvement: 
```suggestion
When a page initiates a chain of 3XX redirects, browsers limit the maximum number of redirects to 20 [^spec-redirects]. This can be used to detect the exact number of redirects occured for a cross-origin page by following the below approach [^redirect-leak]:
1. As a malicious website, initiate 19 redirects and make the final 20th redirect to the attacked page.
2. If the browser threw a network error, at least one redirect occured. Repeat the process with 18 redirects.
3. If the browser didn't threw a network error, the number of redirects is known as `20 - issued_redirects`.

*To detect an error one can use <add reference here>*

If performed in a top window, this also works with SameSite lax cookies and other cross-site protections, such as [Framing Isolation Policy](<add reference here>) or [Resource Isolation Policy](<add reference here>).
This attack has the benefit of working with SameSite lax cookies.
```
